young I knew math was my favorite for a
reason but that reason ain't comes to
light till today mega told me that the
proofs in the numbers still a
motherfucker wonder seems like a nigga
gonna Thunder but half on the earth when
the Thunder my whole life I've been
labeled as a hunter when I want when I
want I go get it all that other
mumbo-jumbo
cuz the mathematic enough for me
subtract depletion zone where you're
trying to reach the throne hit the
batter for niggas go home i'ma still be
known and that bread goes still get blow
to the day in the sink it closed you got
my say you know how long saw got show
mouth filled with dough about the B that
can get me the dog I'm far from before
but still looking at the front door
professor found in my dresser I'm alone
you love s it in the center Sam boy
burger you like Smith & Wesson how's
this got one question and I got
stressing with every breath taking is a
pleasure come about the star manifested
my confessions they don't take away
oneness to me is where the crime is
would stay just because the lockdown is
be brave be but if it go
subtract to see let's go even effective
the separate of cease from grandmas if
you an innovation or did you can be to
pursue subtract to see Moscow